Fixed conversion of i64 and f64 to datums on 32-bit machines (#1859)
pgcentralfoundation/pgrx: README.md

 ‡ A local PostgreSQL server installation is not required. `cargo pgrx` can download and compile PostgreSQL versions on its own.

>  ⹋ PGRX has not been tested to work on 32-bit, but the library correcly handles conversion of `pg_sys::Datum`

Reviewer: Let's be honest about whether something is "correct" if it isn't tested.
```suggestion
 ⹋ PGRX has not been tested to work on 32-bit, but the library attempts to handle conversion of `pg_sys::Datum`
```
